API-5622 Replace customer::fields with session_fields. (#594)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.2/index.mdx

</CodeResponse>

| Field                            | Req./Opt. | Notes                                                                      |
| -------------------------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `agent_last_event_created_at`    | optional  |                                                                            |
| `avatar`                         | optional  |                                                                            |
| `customer_last_event_created_at` | optional  |                                                                            |
| `created_at`                     | optional  |                                                                            |
| `email`                          | optional  |                                                                            |

> | `session_fields`                 | optional  | An array of custom object-enclosed `key:value`s. Expires with the session. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `session_fields`                 | optional  | An array of custom object-enclosed `key:value` pairs. Expires along with the session. |
```

Reviewer: I think `key:value` pairs looks better than `key:value`s

| ---------------- | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `id`             | string    | [Customer's](#customer) ID.                                                                                                       |
| `type`           | string    | `customer`                                                                                                                        |
| `name`           | string    | Customer's name. Returned only if set.                                                                                            |
| `email`          | string    | Customer's email. Returned only if set.                                                                                           |
| `avatar`         | string    | Customer's avatar. Returned only if set.                                                                                          |
| `created_at`     | string    | Specifies when the customer's identity was created.                                                                               |

> | `session_fields` | []object  | An array of custom object-enclosed `key:value`s. Returned only if set. Available for the duration of the session.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `session_fields` | []object  | An array of custom object-enclosed `key:value` pairs. Returned only if set. Available for the session duration.                 |
```

#### Request

| Parameter        | Required | Data type  | Notes                                                                  |
| ---------------- | -------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name`           | No       | `string`   |                                                                        |
| `email`          | No       | `string`   |                                                                        |
| `avatar`         | No       | `string`   | URL of the Customer's avatar                                           |

> | `session_fields` | No       | `[]object` | An array of custom object-enclosed `key:value`s. Item order sensitive. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `session_fields` | No       | `[]object` | An array of custom object-enclosed `key:value` pairs. Respects the order of items. |
```

Reviewer: Item order sensitive - this cluster is a bit confusing when you read it for the first time
